Presumptuous.
A rural woman.
I dare to speak generously in front of my father.
Why are you disciplining me?
Even Master Liu does not deserve discipline.
What are you?
Dare to discipline the love of General Qin
There's someone here.
Born without knowing the sky
Not bad, how noble is Qin Young Master s condition.
Even General Qin could not beat him.
And you punched him in the face in public.
Do you think General Qin will forgive you?
What can a village woman know?
He's seen the best of us all his life.
Haha.
Dad.
You have to replace the baby.
Let's discipline this evil woman.
Didn't kill her today.
I swear I'm not human.
What did you say?
Don't kill her.
I swear I'm not human.
On your knees.
Dad.
What did you hit me for?
Are you wrong?
Who gave you the courage to disrespect this man?
You want to die.
What the hell is this?
A village woman.
There's no foundation.
Is that right?
You're lying to me.
Brother Qin absolutely does not have this.
Everyone here can testify for me.
What I said wasn't half a lie.
The army did not even visit his wife.
Eventually will teach the son there is no way
Excuse me, ma'am.
Please blame the lady.